[Music]
[Applause]
get your hands off me man
come on
i'm not a paparazzi i'm a licensed
professional
who buys the picture magazines okay who
buys a magazine
people want to see the stars magazines
get rich
stars get famous all because i get a
shot of goldie hawn eating lunch
wow goldie gone man
are you like homeless or what i'm moving
around right now you ever need anybody
to help out or
you wouldn't have to pay me or just be
like for free or whatever
well what is it what's what is it for
free or is it whatever
here's your first job clean out this
closet
comfortable yeah feels good right now
you got your own private room
[Music]
music awards you want to present
premiere video
[Music]
who's a little stomach and you got here
next to you he's uh
he's my hook up tonight is
he hot come on
the romance meter was off the charts i'm
the casting director
i can get you into something hey that's
toby i love you
i don't care if you're homeless you got
to relax you're just people no different
from you and me that's my friend
you're a musician right where have i
seen you playing uh
what i'm like a little bit more of 35
and she's a little more
eighteen little barbie doll ass
i met her at the music awards she was
really nice to me
and i i love you tell me
from award-winning writer director tom
dicillo who's
steve buscemi michael pitt alison loman
gina gershon and elvis costello got the
laser eye
sometimes i see too much what's next for
les galentine
sex with you
[Music]
you